Walking on water and developing software from a specification are easy if both are frozen. (Edward V Berard) First learn computer science and all the theory. Next develop a programming style. Then forget all that and just hack. (George Carrette) If McDonalds were run like a software company, one out of every hundred Big Macs would give you food poisoning, and the response would be, ‘We're sorry, here's a coupon for two more.' (Mark Minasi) Good programmers use their brains, but good guidelines save us having to think out every case. (Francis Glassborow) Any fool can use a computer. Many do. (Ted Nelson)

The question of whether computers can think is like the question of whether submarines can swim. (Edsger W. Dijkstra) Windows NT addresses 2 Gigabytes of RAM, which is more than any application will ever need. (Microsoft, on the development of Windows NT, 1992) There are two ways to write error-free programs; only the third one works. (Alan J. Perlis) The first 90% of the code accounts for the first 90% of the development time. The remaining 10% of the code accounts for the other 90% of the development time. (Tom Cargill) Always code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be a violent psychopath who knows where you live. (Martin Golding)

Without requirements or design, programming is the art of adding bugs to an empty text file. (Louis Srygley) Good programmers use their brains, but good guidelines save us having to think out every case. (Francis Glassborow) First, solve the problem. Then, write the code. (John Johnson) Fifty years of programming language research, and we end up with C++? (Richard A. O'Keefe) A great lathe operator commands several times the wage of an average lathe operator, but a great writer of software code is worth 10,000 times the price of an average software writer. (Bill Gates)

Computers are like bikinis. They save people a lot of guesswork. (Sam Ewing) You can't have great software without a great team, and most software teams behave like dysfunctional families. (Jim McCarthy) It's not a bug – it's an undocumented feature. (Anonymous) C++ : Where friends have access to your private members. (Gavin Russell Baker) First learn computer science and all the theory. Next develop a programming style. Then forget all that and just hack. (George Carrette)

The city's central computer told you? R2D2, you know better than to trust a strange computer! (C3PO) Good code is its own best documentation. (Steve McConnell) If builders built buildings the way programmers wrote programs, then the first woodpecker that came along would destroy civilization. (Gerald Weinberg) That's the thing about people who think they hate computers. What they really hate is lousy programmers. (Larry Niven)

Optimism is an occupational hazard of programming; feedback is the treatment. (Kent Beck) If Java had true garbage collection, most programs would delete themselves upon execution. (Robert Sewell) They have computers, and they may have other weapons of mass destruction. (Janet Reno) There's an old story about the person who wished his computer were as easy to use as his telephone. That wish has come true, since I no longer know how to use my telephone. (Bjarne Stroustrup) For a long time it puzzled me how something so expensive, so leading edge, could be so useless. And then it occurred to me that a computer is a stupid machine with the ability to do incredibly smart things, while computer programmers are smart people with the ability to do incredibly stupid things. They are, in short, a perfect match. (Bill Bryson)

To iterate is human, to recurse divine. (L. Peter Deutsch) The best performance improvement is the transition from the nonworking state to the working state. (J. Osterhout) Don't worry if it doesn't work right. If everything did, you'd be out of a job. (Mosher's Law of Software Engineering) First, solve the problem. Then, write the code. (John Johnson) That's what's cool about working with computers. They don't argue, they remember everything, and they don't drink all your beer. (Paul Leary)

It would appear that we have reached the limits of what it is possible to achieve with computer technology, although one should be careful with such statements, as they tend to sound pretty silly in 5 years. (John Von Neumann, circa 1949) If debugging is the process of removing software bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in. (Edsger Dijkstra) If debugging is the process of removing bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in. (Edsger W. Dijkstra) There's an old story about the person who wished his computer were as easy to use as his telephone. That wish has come true, since I no longer know how to use my telephone. (Bjarne Stroustrup)

There are only two kinds of programming languages: those people always bitch about and those nobody uses. (Bjarne Stroustrup) I think Microsoft named .Net so it wouldn't show up in a Unix directory listing. (Oktal) Before software can be reusable it first has to be usable. (Ralph Johnson) There are two ways of constructing a software design. One way is to make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies. And the other way is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies. (C.A.R. Hoare) Software undergoes beta testing shortly before it's released. Beta is Latin for “still doesn't work”. (Anonymous)

The best method for accelerating a computer is the one that boosts it by 9.8 m/s2. (Anonymous) The only people who have anything to fear from free software are those whose products are worth even less. (David Emery) For a long time it puzzled me how something so expensive, so leading edge, could be so useless. And then it occurred to me that a computer is a stupid machine with the ability to do incredibly smart things, while computer programmers are smart people with the ability to do incredibly stupid things. They are, in short, a perfect match. (Bill Bryson) It is practically impossible to teach good programming style to students that have had prior exposure to BASIC. As potential programmers, they are mentally mutilated beyond hope of regeneration. (E. W. Dijkstra)

The end.